Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Remember. when you greet them.
their English is nonexistent.
Don't worry.
I learned some key phrases in Italian.
I'll start with.
"We missed you at the wedding."
I don't like how they treated my child.
- There. Just saying it.
- They're here.
Oh. God.
they've never seen an escalator.
Did your legs stop working?
Excuse me.
I'm Amy.
Careful.
Where's Lino?
Lino's at the house. resting.
How is he?
He's okay.
This is my mother. Lynn.
Oh. You okay?
Very nice to meet you.
- Shall we go?
- Yes.
Sì.
- Mom. Thank you.
- I'll get the bags.
Follow me. please.
Lino. we're here.
I still look so skinny.
Let's try this. Hmm?
Hey. handsome.
Special delivery.
Mama.
My life.
My dear son.
Your father is...
I asked the doctor
in town what could be done for you.
- Ah.
- You feel warm. Do you have a fever?
I'm fine.
Lie down.
Get in bed. slowly. slowly.
I'll take care of you now.
So. you can carry it. huh?
What?
Sure.
Uh...
I don't know what you're asking. Amahle!
She took these out the fridge.
Yeah. Italians don't put tomatoes
in the fridge.
Mom. just let her do her thing.
Is there any flour? Flour?
Uh. sì.
- Eh?
- One second.
And the pots?
Didn't know how to stop her.
It's fine. Mom. It's just how she mothers.
No. no. no.
I have to pack
Lino's hospital bag for tomorrow.
How can I help?
Mom.
- Just whatever she may need. Mom.
- Okay.
So. you gonna make your own apron.
That's great. That's just great.
Take this to Lino.
No. he can't eat that.
What do you mean?
His surgery is tomorrow.
He needs light foods.
With chemo.
everything tastes like metal to him.
Then what will he eat for dinner?
Okay. Um...
He'll eat this
and this.
That's not dinner.
I know. but...
Look what she's feeding him.
I'm following
the doctor's instructions.
Let me show you.
Surgery is tomorrow.
Then he stays
in the hospital for two days.
Then the day after Christmas.
we go back to the doctor
to see how Lino is doing.
- Day after Christmas. That's good.
- Mm-hmm.
It's a blessed day.
Sì.
It took me hours to fix
that garden. and I'm still not done.
It's a good thing Lino doesn't farm.
The plants are all positioned wrong.
An olive tree in a vase?
America.
Cheese? Is there no cheese?
Don't they eat it here?
Excuse me.
Are you not going to see him?
Wait. I...
I don't understand.
Why make such a long trip just to...
Hold on.
You don't have to worry.
I know why I'm here.
Okay.
Don't they have something
to wipe your mouth?
Mm.
Amore.
I'm not moving into the hospital.
I just wanna make sure
that you have everything that you need
so that you don't get bored.
- I know you're gonna want your iPod. Yes.
- Oh. yeah. Thanks.
- Oh. please. don't fo...
- And yeah.
- Your notebook. I got it.
- Grazie.
Oh.
And your father's hiding in the garden.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Let him spend all night out there then.
- Lino.
Amore.
I'm scared.
It's a very sexy gown.
Yeah.
Do... do you really think
they're gonna cut the wrong knee?
No.
It's just so they know...
...that you're more than a tumor.
You're a man with people who love you.
Especially me.
Did they take him
into the operating room?
Soon.
How long does the surgery take?
- About four hours.
- Amy. what did she ask you?
She asked me how long was the surgery.
and I told her four hours.
- What did you just tell her?
- The surgery will last four hours.
- Weren't you listening?
- Worry about yourself.
Okay.
everyone seems stressed.
Uh. I have these
lavender drops from my store.
It would bring
everyone's blood pressure down.
Do they know about my holistic store
in Topanga. Chakra Khan?
- Tell her who Chaka Khan is first.
- Mom. please.
Just... I don't wanna
have to translate anymore. okay?
Hey. baby girl.
- Okay. All right. I'm here.
- Okay.
Hershel. Maxine. I'm glad you came.
This is. um. this is Filomena and Giacomo.
They're Lino's parents.
I'd like you
to meet my sister. Zora.
- This is my father.
- And who is she?
I'm Amy's stepmother.
Oh. you speak Italian?
- Have you been to Italy?
- Get my book.
She's just learning.
She doesn't speak much Italian.
- When can we expect news?
- In a few hours.
Oh. my God. This must be so hard on you.
Do you need anything from us. baby?
No. just... you guys are here.
I'm gonna go sit down.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm okay.
I beg of you.
He's my only son.
Say it again.
Babe. he is going to be fine.
Thank you.
Did your mom nod off?
It's meditation.
It's her way of praying.
Hi. You didn't have to.
Yes. we did.
No stopping Donna Reed here.
I made. uh. lemon bars
dusted with powdered sugar.
in case you need
a sugar high this afternoon.
I think we all need
a little something sweet right now.
When do they expect
the surgery to be over?
Have there been updates?
Should we go ask her
if she needs anything?
Just let her be.
Hey. how you doing?
Maybe we can get somebody
to change the channel on this TV.
Let me get that for you. Mr. Wheeler.
- Lino Ortolano. You the family?
- Yes.
The OR nurse said the surgeon's
on his way out to speak with you.
What?
Zora. go get Amy.
I'm gonna go find Lino's parents.
Amy.
- What happened?
- We don't know.
But the surgeon wants to talk to you.
so come now.
Now?
But. Zora. it's too soon.
I'm here. I'm here. How is he?
We got the tumor out.
- Margins look clear.
- Okay.
We have to send off samples. and you'll
have to talk with Lino's oncologist.
but as of 20 minutes ago.
the tumor in your husband's knee is gone.
- Thank God.
- I knew he'd pull through.
Hey.
It's over.
The tumor. It's gone.
It's gone.
You did it.
They got it all out.
A few days and you'll be home.
Yes.
You did it.
You couldn't have brought me
a cup of coffee?
My son wants coffee?
I got it.
I'll bring you some.
Coffee.
Okay.
No. no. no. no.
No. coffee is free.
Down the hall to the right.
- No...
- I will... I'll take you.
Come on.
This way.
Here you go.
And it's brewing
so at least it'll be fresh.
Un momento.
It's for my son.
When he was about ten years old.
he took the car.
He hit a wall.
He was with my brother.
his uncle. that idiot.
He ended up in the hospital
with a broken leg.
and this is what I told him.
Now. after this stunt...
we can't get a color TV.
I said that.
I couldn't tell him I was scared to death.
Because
it's awful for a father...
to have a son in the hospital.
Grazie.
Listen up.
I wasn't worried about you at all. Shoot.
I was praying for that bear.
- What the hell!
- Oh. Mamma mia.
Why didn't you tell me?
Well. 'cause this happened
since I left to come and get you.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry.
Papa.
How are you feeling?
So-so.
What did you do? You cut the roses.
Didn't I teach you? You have to cut
the roses in the winter. when it's cold.
otherwise they don't bloom.
I taught you this.
Sì.
Careful. careful.
- Mamma. what did you do?
- Mm.
Let's get inside.
Are you thirsty. son?
I'll get you some water.
Can you
help me get him into bed?
Into bed?
The sheets are still wet.
But we have a dryer.
It's faster. so he can rest.
Don't you see?
It's the first time they've
watched TV together in so long.
Hey. Papa!
You're going to make us all deaf.
Turn down the TV.
I can't
understand what they are saying.
Papa. making it louder won't change that.
I looked for Italian channels.
but you don't have any.
What am I supposed to do. turn off the TV?
Tell them
the food is almost ready.
No. he can't eat eggplant.
What do you mean he can't eat eggplant?
He can't just eat a banana.
He'll get sick if he eats that.
He's already sick.
At least he should eat well.
I brought all the ingredients
to make cuccidati.
Are you talking
about those Christmas cookies?
Yes.
No. he can't eat those.
That's too much sugar.
Oh. Mamma. grazie.
Why aren't you eating?
I am eating.
Actually. you're picking at it.
If you don't eat it. you'll scare
your mother. You'll make her worry.
What. you don't like
the food of your home anymore?
Bicarbonato.
From your mother.
I should have never eaten that eggplant.
- Yeah.
- Grazie.
I ratted you out to the doctor.
Yeah.
Really? Traitor.
I had to.
I had to make sure
it was okay to give you this.
I still have to get your prescriptions.
the painkillers and Xanax.
I just have to make it through this week.
then I listen from Dr. Atluri. That's it.
No. the Xanax is for me.
Amore. I lived with them for 20 years.
This is nothing.
Oh. my God. they're stressing me out.
Just please let me get
your prescriptions tomorrow. and I'll...
I'll feel so much better.
But. please. amore. can you pick
the medicines up at the supermarket?
Because my father will want bread.
Fine. Bread. I'll get him bread.
No. amore. you have to take him with you.
- No.
- Please.
Absolutely not.
- Please. he walk...
- Lino.
He walks to get some
fresh bread every day in Castelleone.
and since he came here.
he hasn't been able to do that.
Please. Let's give him something to do.
and. plus. he needs a taste of home.
Oh. my God. Fine.
Who are you calling?
I'm calling Zora. We're getting satellite
for those Italian channels.
He wants a taste of home?
I'm gonna give him a buffet.
You can't eat the food like this.
- Hey. what's... what's the matter?
- I'll be with you in a second.
He's trying to cheat me.
He knows I'm Sicilian.
How would he know that?
You don't know
these Northern Italians like I do.
- You speak Italian?
- He's my father-in-law.
He can't walk around tearing
off pieces of bread and eating them.
Are you eating
all the bread in the supermarket?
Without tasting it.
how can I know if it's any good?
And I'll tell you what. See this?
You can throw this away.
Yes. because it's a fermented dough.
It's called sourdough.
Okay. He's obviously used
to a different type of bread.
And don't worry. I will pay.
I will pay for this. Okay?
Find me
a real bakery in this city.
Not one that sells bread. fish. medicine.
What. is he the butcher too?
This place makes no sense!
I've had enough.
Thank you.
No. no. don't keep touching that.
- I don't know. huh? You try.
- Call a technician.
- Come on... no. no! No!
- Okay.
They all wanted to check in on Lino.
And nobody can figure out the satellite.
Amore. we... we just bought
something called DishTV.
Yeah.
bought it. but we can't watch it.
Hey. hey. hey. I told you we got this.
You haven't... you haven't lifted a finger.
man. He just... he just barks orders.
Makes him and Zora a perfect match.
I heard that.
Wait.
give these to Filomena.
Sì.
And I'll take a look at these wires.
Come on.
No. Papa. Leave it.
Please. just leave it. please.
Your uncle Franco
taught me some things. quiet.
- Sweetie.
- How are you?
Ha ha ha!
- There we go.
- Okay.
- You see? You see?
- I know. I know. Grazie. Finally.
I told you
I knew what to do.
Could there be
any more people in this fucking house?
- Happy holidays. everyone!
- Mm-hmm.
Hi. Here's a little ho-ho-ho. Uh-huh.
- Umoja!
- What is...?
And Ujima is upon us.
Food is ready!
Let's eat.
Eat with us. Lynn.
It's time to eat.
How do you say.
"I already ate at home?"
Tell me.
where's your father from?
Aliminusa. near Cerda.
You know it. no?
- Yes. I know it well. yes.
- Yes.
Has your father
ever come visit you in America?
Yes. yes. when my son was born.
- Oh. you have a little boy?
- Ah. sì. sì. sì.
He has a boy.
Do you know
what this feels like?
No. you don't.
I had nowhere else to go.
Mm.
I never drink scotch.
And yet. somehow
you pinpointed our most expensive bottle.
I'm sorry if I'm interrupting you.
It was just Ving Rhames
playing a drag queen named Holiday.
It's a tour de force that can wait.
I've been having a hard time.
You don't have to feel guilty
for being overwhelmed.
Caregiving's hard enough without all that.
It's been hard.
I've been where you are.
That's me and Anthony. my first love.
Mm-hmm.
He's gorgeous.
You think you're the only one
who can bag an Italian prince?
- Is that you guys in New York?
- Yeah.
I was your age when he got sick.
What happened next.
I wouldn't wish
on my worst enemy.
Fighting some nameless. faceless thing
that wants to rob you
of the love of your life.
- It ain't for everyone.
- It's not.
You know. you don't have to do all this.
Do what?
Take care of Lino?
Preston. he's my husband.
and he's fighting cancer.
- I'm not gonna leave him.
- If that's what you decide.
If?
If you stay. you better get clear
about what you're in for.
When people are in pain. deep pain.
it becomes
the only experience they can handle.
It takes up all the oxygen in the room.
in the relationship.
If you're not careful.
you could lose yourself.
I'm really sorry about you and Anthony.
but it's not my story.
Lino just had surgery. and he's...
Mm-hmm.
...he's getting better.
And we're gonna see the doctor in a couple
of days. and this will all be over. so...
And what if it isn't?
What then?
Thank you for the scotch.
- Lino. Amy.
- Hi.
- How was the holiday?
- It was all right.
- And these are Lino's parents?
- Yes. this is Giacomo.
- Piacere.
- And this is Filomena.
You must have come a long way.
Looks like everyone's here
to hear some good news.
I looked over your report.
Surgery couldn't have gone any better.
The cancer is gone.
The surgery couldn't have gone better.
- Good.
- Thank you. God.
So we have even more options
for drug treatments moving forward.
What do you mean moving forward?
Why... why do I need a medicine
if there's no cancer?
Leiomyosarcoma almost always recurs.
It can travel anywhere
in the body with soft tissue.
Uh. you now need something
we call maintenance chemo.
What is he saying?
I'm trying to understand.
Can I...
can I borrow your pen. please?
Please.
Why is your wife crying?
The cancer I have is like a weed.
Even if you pull it. it still comes back.
I promise this is good news.
We have options.
Either we continue
with the same course of chemo. or...
we can enroll you in a clinical trial
for a new drug that I learned about
at a conference I hosted in Switzerland.
What did the doctor say?
He's explaining
how he can make Lino better.
- But I thought he already was better.
- Let the doctor speak.
I wouldn't offer this
to anyone
who wasn't young and hearty as you are.
This is a chance to have more life.
to reopen the restaurant. to have kids.
I want that.
I do have to make you aware
of the risks though.
It's a double-blind trial.
which means only some
of the patients receive the real drug.
Others receive a placebo.
Placebo.
What does that mean?
So if I don't get
the real drug. what do I get?
Usually a sugar pill. It's the only way
to study the effects of the drug.
Lino. answer me.
What is a placebo?
It's a sugar pill.
A sugar pill?
You're telling me the doctor
will give my sick son a sugar pill?
What kind of science is this?
It's a new experiment
they are testing right now.
And they have to test this on you?
I know
this is a hard decision.
but if you wanna enroll. Lino.
I need to know sooner rather than later.
We need to start you now.
There are limited spots.
Listen up.
Tell this doctor now
that he has to give you the right drugs.
No. Giacomo.
Outside. with me.
Now!
Lino has to make
the hardest decision of his life.
And it is his decision to make.
His. understand?
He has one
of the best doctors in the world.
giving him a chance to live.
Please. leave him alone.
But what's this experimental medicine?
This is not medicine.
This is not the time to discuss
the history of Western medicine!
Do you understand?
You have to trust your son.
because it's his life.
Listen carefully.
I'm always on his side in everything.
And if you can't respect
your son's choice.
you can go back to Sicily today.
The trial
will start right away.
and if you enroll now.
well. I would be with you the whole way.
Okay. Yes. I want to enroll.
What if you don't get the drug?
What's the thing you say in Texas?
Go big or go home. right?
Mmm!
Who knew that our families
would finally bond over ribs?
Mmm!
- No man can argue with his mouth full.
- Is that a Sicilian proverb?
It should be.
Well...
Zora and I...
...we. um.
well. Happy New Year. everybody.
Happy New Year!
To happiness and good health.
Where does everybody
wanna be this time next year?
Alive.
- Well...
- Hey. Ken.
- Yeah.
- Brah.
Maybe I got you
too hopped up on that brown water.
Dad. it's okay. It's okay. Ken.
Now that we're talking about health.
Lino and I had something
we wanted to share with you all.
Yeah.
I decided to enroll
in a clinical trial for a new drug.
Which means that he might get the placebo.
Yeah. the fact is that
if I had the real drug.
I should already be feeling sick by now.
- But we're taking it day by day.
- Well. you know you've got us.
All of us.
This ain't a burden
you gotta carry by yourself. son.
Tell 'em what we said.
My father
said Lino is not alone.
Grazie.
I didn't know my son was so loved here.
Uh. and...
and we also have news.
- I'm engaged.
- Shut your mouth.
What? Oh. this is wonderful.
We're so happy for you.
Oh. you have no idea how long
I've been waiting to put this on.
Oh. my God!
- Come on. brown grandbabies.
- Me too. as much as it costs.
Congratulations!
Tell them congratulations for me.
A wedding is an important occasion.
Very important.
Congratulations!
Congratulations.
- I can't believe he said that.
- It's okay. Lino.
Congratulations.
You have no dignity.
Okay. let's go. Andiamo.
Oh. are we speaking Italian now?
Come on. Lynn.
You should be ashamed.
You celebrate a wedding
for someone you don't even know.
even though you know it hurts my mother.
The shame is on you.
You are the real shame.
A son that left everything behind.
His home. his family.
his land.
Like it was nothing.
I left to follow my dreams.
You left me alone.
Alone!
You could've hired help.
I didn't need just anyone.
I wanted you.
You.
You didn't want me.
You wanted
another version of you.
What's wrong with that? Am I that bad?
What did I do to make you leave?
Tell me.
See. Papa.
I left
to build a life of my own.
I don't understand you.
I know.
But can you accept me?
Papa.
My disease
can come back at any time.
The truth is
I'm a little tired.
I'm tired. Papa.
I can't keep fighting
both you and the disease.
So now you have to choose.
Are we two angry men?
Or father and son?
Mamma. is all this sauce necessary?
Look at that!
You don't like it? You won't eat it all?
It'll be gone before you land in Sicily.
I put a little sugar in it.
Just how you like it.
Come on. go to him.
Don't work too hard.
It's not good for you.
Don't worry. don't worry.
Come here. I want to show you
the right way to plant things.
Otherwise when they grow.
they will be tasteless.
And taste is important for a chef.
It's all important. Papa.
That you became a chef in America
makes me happy.
Shall we go?
Ah. yeah.
we have to go. Let's go.
- What is it?
- Are you still hurting?
A little. it's nothing. really.
Oh.
I'm fine. Papa. It's nothing.
Well. I'm the one really hurting.
You know why?
Because of this olive tree right here.
Inside this vase. I tried to fix it.
but in America.
it won't bear even one olive.
- We'll see.
- Yeah. we'll see.
Don't let anyone touch this garden.
I worked hard to fix it.
You mean
what's left of my roses?
You'll see.
In spring. you'll see.
Okay.
She's like your mother.
Bye. Papa.
My son.
You made a miracle.
Of course. now.
the real miracle would be a baby.
Because for him. a baby
would mean more strength. more life.
Amy.
Okay.
You're beautiful.
I mean it.
It's okay.
Lino.
- Lino. I'm coming. What is it?
- I'm feeling sick.
- I'll go get the bicarbonato.
- No. no. no. amore.
I said I'm feeling sick.
Do you think...
I think I got the real drug.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-